feat(apim): add partial update documentation (#751)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/user-guide/publisher/partial-update-apis.adoc

= Partial update APIs
:page-sidebar: apim_3_x_sidebar
:page-permalink: apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_partial_update_apis.html
:page-folder: apim/user-guide/publisher
:page-layout: apim3x
:page-liquid:

{% assign version = site.products.apim._3x.version | split: "." %}
{% capture current_version %}{{ version[0] }}.{{ version[1] }}{% endcapture %}

== Overview

The following sections describe the process of partial updating an API from its JSON definition.
The API content behavior is identical to the import.

== HTTP PATCH Method and JSON Patch Format

You can use HTTP PATCH to apply partial updates to API definition. With this way you can send only what you want to update.
The HTTP PATCH request body describes how the API definition should be modified.
The format used to describe the changes is our JSON Patch implementation which uses https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath[JSON PATH] instead of JSON POINTER.

Simply put, the JSON Patch format uses a "series of operations" to describe how the API should be modified.
A JSON Patch document is an array of JSON objects. Each object in the array represents exactly one JSON Patch operation.

=== Available operations

==== REPLACE (default)

> The replace operation updates the value at the target location with a new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The replace operation updates the value at the targeted location with a new value.
```

==== ADD
The add operation adds a new property to an object.

> Also, we can use it to insert a new item into an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be leverage to insert a new item into an array.
```

==== REMOVE

> The remove operation removes a value at the target location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remove operation removes a value at the targeted location.
```

==== TEST

The test operation tests that the value at the "path" is equal to the "value".
Because the PATCH operation is atomic, the PATCH should be discarded if any of its operations fail.
The test operation can be used to validate that the preconditions and post-conditions have been met.

> In case the condition fails the api will return an `HTTP 204 No Content`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the condition fails the API will return an `HTTP 204 No Content`.
```
